source/sections/07-systems_access_policy.md, before:

# 7. Systems Access Policy

Access to Cloudticity systems and applications is limited for all users, including but not limited to workforce members, volunteers, business associates, contracted providers, consultants, and any other entity, and is allowable only on a least privilege basis. All users are responsible for reporting an incident of unauthorized use or access to Cloudticity's information systems. These safeguards have been established to address the HIPAA Security regulations including the following:

## 7.1 Applicable Standards

### 7.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 01.d - User Password Management
* 01.f - Password Use
* 01.r - Password Management System
* 01.a - Access Control Policy
* 01.b - User Registration
* 01.h - Clear Desk and Clear Screen Policy
* 01.j - User Authentication for External Connections
* 01.q - User Identification and Authentication
* 01.v - Information Access Restriction
* 02.i - Removal of Access Rights
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information Assets
* 01.t - Session Time-out
* 09.s - Information Exchange Policies and Procedures
* 10.f - Policy on the Use of Cryptographic Controls

### 7.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308a4iiC Access Establishment and Modification
* 164.308a3iiB Workforce Clearance Procedures
* 164.308a4iiB Access Authorization
* 164.312d Person or Entity Authentication
* 164.312a2i Unique User Identification
* 164.308a5iiD Password Management
* 164.312a2iii Automatic Logoff
* 164.310b Workstation Use
* 164.310c Workstation Security
* 164.308a3iiC Termination Procedures

## 7.2 Access Establishment and Modification

1. Requests for access to the Cloudticity Oxygen managed services platform systems and applications are made during the employee onboarding process or formally using the following process:
   1. The Cloudticity workforce member, or their manager, initiates the access request by creating a task in the Teamwork project: Compliance Review Activity (CRA).
      * User identities must be verified prior to granting access to new accounts.
      * Identity verification must be done in person where possible; for remote employees, identities must be verified over the phone.
      * For new accounts, the method used to verify the user's identity must be recorded on the task.
   2. The Security Officer will grant access to systems as dictated by the employee's job title. If additional access is required outside of the minimum necessary to perform job functions, the requester must include a description of why the additional access is required as part of the access request.
   3. Once the review is completed, the Security Officer approves or rejects the task. If the task is rejected, it goes back for further review and documentation.
   4. If the task is approved, the Security Officer grants the necessary access and marks the task as Complete, adding any pertinent notes required.
      * New accounts will be created with a temporary secure password that meets all requirements from [§7.12](07-systems_access_policy.md#712-password-management), which must be changed on the initial login.
      * All password exchanges must occur over an authenticated channel.
      * For production systems, access grants are accomplished by adding the appropriate user account to the corresponding LDAP group.
      * For non-production systems, access grants are accomplished by leveraging the access control mechanisms built into those systems. Account management for non-production systems may be delegated to a Cloudticity employee at the discretion of the Security Officer.
2. Access is not granted until receipt, review, and approval by the Cloudticity Security Officer;
3. The request for access is retained for future reference.
4. All access to Cloudticity systems and services are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis to assure proper authorizations are in place commensurate with job functions. The process for conducting reviews is outlined below:
   1. The Security Officer initiates the review of user access by creating a task in the Teamwork project: Compliance Review Activity (CRA).
   2. The Security Officer, or a Privacy Officer, is assigned to review levels of access for each Cloudticity workforce member.
   3. If user access is found during review that is not in line with the least privilege principle, the process below is used to modify user access and notify the user of access changes. Once those steps are completed, the access is then reviewed again.
   4. Once the review is complete, the Security Officer approves or rejects the task. If the task is rejected, it goes back for further review and documentation.
   5. If the task is approved, the Security Officer then marks the task as Complete, adding any pertinent notes required.
   6. Review of user access is monitored on a quarterly basis using Teamwork reporting to assess compliance with above policy.
5. Any Cloudticity workforce member can request change of access using the process outlined in [§7.2](07-systems_access_policy.md#72-access-establishment-and-modification).
6. Access to production systems is controlled using centralized user management and authentication.
7. Temporary accounts are not used unless absolutely necessary for business purposes.
   * Accounts are reviewed every 90 days to assure temporary accounts are not left unnecessarily.
   * Accounts that are inactive for over 90 days are removed.
8. In the case of non-personal information, such as generic educational content, identification and authentication may not be required. This is the responsibility of Cloudticity customers to define, and not Cloudticity.
9. If operating systems are accessed directly, privileged users must first access systems using standard, unique user accounts before switching to privileged users and performing privileged tasks. For other production systems, user accounts are permission based and align directly with responsibilities.
   * For Linux production systems, this is enforced by non-privileged user accounts that must invoke `sudo` to perform privileged tasks.
   * For Windows production systems, this is enforced by default. Users must "Run as Administrator" to access a privileged powershell.
   * Rights for privileged accounts are granted by the Security Officer using the process outlined in [§7.2](07-systems_access_policy.md#72-access-establishment-and-modification).
10. All application to application communication using service accounts is restricted and not permitted unless absolutely needed. Automated tools are used to limit account access across applications and systems.
11. Generic accounts are not allowed on Cloudticity systems.
12. Access is granted through encrypted, VPN tunnels that utilize two-factor authentication.
    * Two-factor authentication is accomplished using a Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) as the second factor.
    * VPN connections use 256-bit AES 256 encryption, or equivalent.
    * VPN sessions are automatically disconnected after 30 minutes of inactivity.
13. In cases of increased risk or known attempted unauthorized access, immediate steps are taken by the Security and Privacy Officer to limit access and reduce risk of unauthorized access.
14. Direct system to system, system to application, and application to application authentication and authorization are limited and controlled to restrict access.

## 7.3 Workforce Clearance

1. The level of security assigned to a user of Cloudticity's information systems is based on the minimum necessary amount of data access required to carry out legitimate job responsibilities assigned to a user's job classification and/or to a user needing access to carry out treatment, payment, or healthcare operations.
2. All access requests are treated on a "least-access principle."
3. Cloudticity maintains a minimum necessary approach for access to customer data. As such, Cloudticity, including all workforce members, does not readily have access to any ePHI.

## 7.4 Access Authorization

1. Role based access categories for each Cloudticity system and application are pre-approved by the Security Officer.
2. Cloudticity utilizes hardware and software firewalls to segment data, prevent unauthorized access, and monitor traffic for denial of service attacks.

## 7.5 Person or Entity Authentication

1. Each workforce member has and uses a unique user ID and password that identifies him/her as the user of the information system.
2. Each customer and Partner has and uses a unique user ID and password that identifies him/her as the user of the information system.
3. All customer support desk interactions must be verified before Cloudticity support personnel will satisfy any request having information security implications.
   * Cloudticity's current support desk software, Zendesk, requires users to authenticate before submitting support tickets.
   * Support issues submitted by email must be verified by Cloudticity personnel using an authenticated channel or a phone number that has been registered with the corresponding account.

## 7.6 Unique User Identification

1. Access to the Cloudticity Oxygen managed services platform systems and applications is controlled by requiring a unique user ID and password for each individual user and developer.
2. Passwords requirements mandate strong password controls (see below).
3. Passwords are not displayed at any time and are not transmitted or stored in plain text.
4. Default accounts on all production systems, including root, are disabled.
5. Shared accounts are not allowed within Cloudticity systems or networks.
6. Automated log-on configurations that store user passwords or bypass password entry are not permitted for use with Cloudticity workstations or production systems.

## 7.7 Automatic Logoff

1. Users are required to make information systems inaccessible by any other individual when unattended by the users (ex. by using a password protected screen saver or logging off the system).
2. Information systems automatically log users off the systems after 15 minutes of inactivity.
3. The Security Officer pre-approves exceptions to automatic log off requirements.

## 7.8 Employee Workstation Use

All employee workstations are company owned laptops running Mac OSX, Windows, or Linux.

1. Workstations may not be used to engage in any activity that is illegal or is in violation of organization's policies.
2. Access may not be used for transmitting, retrieving, or storage of any communications of a discriminatory or harassing nature or materials that are obscene or "X-rated". Harassment of any kind is prohibited. No messages with derogatory or inflammatory remarks about an individual's race, age, disability, religion, national origin, physical attributes, sexual preference, or health condition shall be transmitted or maintained. No abusive, hostile, or offensive language is to be transmitted through organization's system.
3. Information systems/applications also may not be used for any other purpose that is illegal, unethical, or against company policies or contrary to organization's best interests. Messages containing information related to a lawsuit or investigation may not be sent without prior approval.
4. Users may not misrepresent, obscure, suppress, or replace another user's identity in transmitted or stored messages.
5. Workstation hard drives will be encrypted using FileVault 2.0 or equivalent.
6. All workstations have firewalls enabled to prevent unauthorized access unless explicitly granted.
7. All workstations must have Trend Micro Worry-Free Business Security installed and running at all times.

## 7.9 Wireless Access Use

1. Cloudticity production systems are not accessible directly over wireless channels.
2. Wireless access is disabled on all production systems.
3. When accessing production systems via remote wireless connections, the same system access policies and procedures apply to wireless as all other connections, including wired.
4. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees are configured with strong encryption (AES WPA2 at a minimum).
5. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees have their vendor defaults changed prior to implementation.
6. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees are in secure locations.

## 7.10 Employee Termination Procedures

1. The Human Resources Department (or other designated department), users, and their supervisors are required to notify the Security Officer upon completion and/or termination of access needs and facilitating completion of the "Offboard - Employee - Cloudticity" Teamwork tasklist.
2. The Human Resources Department, users, and supervisors are required to notify the Security Officer to terminate a user's access rights if there is evidence or reason to believe the following (these incidents are also reported on an incident report and is filed with the Privacy Officer):
   * The user has been using their access rights inappropriately;
   * A user's password has been compromised (a new password may be provided to the user if the user is not identified as the individual compromising the original password);
   * An unauthorized individual is utilizing a user's User Login ID and password (a new password may be provided to the user if the user is not identified as providing the unauthorized individual with the User Login ID and password).
3. The Security Officer will terminate users' access rights immediately upon notification, and will coordinate with the appropriate Cloudticity employees to terminate access to any non-production systems managed by those employees.
4. The Security Officer audits and may terminate access of users that have not logged into organization's information systems/applications for an extended period of time.

## 7.11 Paper Records

Cloudticity does not use paper records for any sensitive information. Use of paper for recording and storing sensitive data is against Cloudticity policies.

## 7.12 Password Management

1. User IDs and passwords are used to control access to Cloudticity systems and may not be disclosed to anyone for any reason.
2. Users may not allow anyone, for any reason, to have access to any information system using another user's unique user ID and password.
3. On all production systems and applications in the Cloudticity environment, password configurations are set to require:
   * a minimum length of 8 characters;
   * a mix of upper case characters, lower case characters, and numbers or special characters;
   * a 60-day password expiration;
   * prevention of password reuse using a history of the last 6 password;
   * account lockout after 5 invalid attempts.
4. All system and application passwords must be stored and transmitted securely.
   * Where possible, passwords should be stored in a hashed format using a salted cryptographic hash function (SHA-256 or equivalent).
   * Passwords that must be stored in non-hashed format must be encrypted at rest pursuant to the requirements in [§17.8](17-data_integrity_policy.md#178-production-data-security).
   * Transmitted passwords must be encrypted in flight pursuant to the requirements in [§17.9](17-data_integrity_policy.md#179-transmission-security).
5. Each information system automatically requires users to change passwords at a pre-determined interval as determined by the organization, based on the criticality and sensitivity of the information contained within the network, system, application, and/or database.
6. Passwords are inactivated immediately upon an employee's termination in accordance with [§7.10](07-systems_access_policy.md#710-employee-termination-procedures).
7. All default system, application, and partner passwords are changed before deployment to production.
8. Upon initial login, users must change any passwords that were automatically generated for them.
9. Password change methods must use a confirmation method to correct for user input errors.
10. All passwords used in configuration scripts are secured and encrypted.
11. If a user believes their user ID has been compromised, they are required to immediately report the incident to the Security Officer.
12. In cases where a user has forgotten their password, the following procedure is used to reset the password.
    * The user submits a password reset request to support@cloudticity.com. The request should include the system to which the user has lost access and needs the password reset.
    * An administrator with password reset privileges is notified and connects directly with the user requesting the password reset.
    * The administrator verifies the identity of the user either in-person or through a separate communication channel such as phone or Slack.
    * Once verified, the administrator resets the password.

The support email is integrated directly with Zendesk, Cloudticity's ticket management system, and used to track and store password reset requests.

## 7.13 Access to ePHI

1. Cloudticity does not readily have access to ePHI in customers systems.
2. Cloudticity does not process, store, or transmit ePHI on behalf of clients.
3. Cloudticity workforce members do not access, or have readily available access, to ePHI.

## 7.14 PaaS customer Access to Systems

Cloudticity grants PaaS customers secure system access via VPN connections or MFA-enabled accounts. This access is only to customer-specific systems, no other systems in the environment. These connections are setup at customer deployment. These connections are secured and encrypted and the only method for customers to connect to Cloudticity hosted systems.

In the case of data migration, Cloudticity does, on a case by case basis, support customers in importing data. In these cases Cloudticity requires that all data is secured and encrypted in transit, such as by using SFTP or SCP for transferring files.

In the case of an investigation, Cloudticity will assist customers, at Cloudticity's discretion, and law enforcement in forensics.

Commit message:

Allow paper record storage of recovery keys
for BitLocker, FileVault, or the equivalent. Such paper records must be stored in an external facility such as a bank safe deposit box.

source/sections/07-systems_access_policy.md, after:

# 7. Systems Access Policy

Access to Cloudticity systems and applications is limited for all users, including but not limited to workforce members, volunteers, business associates, contracted providers, consultants, and any other entity, and is allowable only on a least privilege basis. All users are responsible for reporting an incident of unauthorized use or access to Cloudticity's information systems. These safeguards have been established to address the HIPAA Security regulations including the following:

## 7.1 Applicable Standards

### 7.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 01.d - User Password Management
* 01.f - Password Use
* 01.r - Password Management System
* 01.a - Access Control Policy
* 01.b - User Registration
* 01.h - Clear Desk and Clear Screen Policy
* 01.j - User Authentication for External Connections
* 01.q - User Identification and Authentication
* 01.v - Information Access Restriction
* 02.i - Removal of Access Rights
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information Assets
* 01.t - Session Time-out
* 09.s - Information Exchange Policies and Procedures
* 10.f - Policy on the Use of Cryptographic Controls

### 7.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.308a4iiC Access Establishment and Modification
* 164.308a3iiB Workforce Clearance Procedures
* 164.308a4iiB Access Authorization
* 164.312d Person or Entity Authentication
* 164.312a2i Unique User Identification
* 164.308a5iiD Password Management
* 164.312a2iii Automatic Logoff
* 164.310b Workstation Use
* 164.310c Workstation Security
* 164.308a3iiC Termination Procedures

## 7.2 Access Establishment and Modification

1. Requests for access to the Cloudticity Oxygen managed services platform systems and applications are made during the employee onboarding process or formally using the following process:
   1. The Cloudticity workforce member, or their manager, initiates the access request by creating a task in the Teamwork project: Compliance Review Activity (CRA).
      * User identities must be verified prior to granting access to new accounts.
      * Identity verification must be done in person where possible; for remote employees, identities must be verified over the phone.
      * For new accounts, the method used to verify the user's identity must be recorded on the task.
   2. The Security Officer will grant access to systems as dictated by the employee's job title. If additional access is required outside of the minimum necessary to perform job functions, the requester must include a description of why the additional access is required as part of the access request.
   3. Once the review is completed, the Security Officer approves or rejects the task. If the task is rejected, it goes back for further review and documentation.
   4. If the task is approved, the Security Officer grants the necessary access and marks the task as Complete, adding any pertinent notes required.
      * New accounts will be created with a temporary secure password that meets all requirements from [§7.12](07-systems_access_policy.md#712-password-management), which must be changed on the initial login.
      * All password exchanges must occur over an authenticated channel.
      * For production systems, access grants are accomplished by adding the appropriate user account to the corresponding LDAP group.
      * For non-production systems, access grants are accomplished by leveraging the access control mechanisms built into those systems. Account management for non-production systems may be delegated to a Cloudticity employee at the discretion of the Security Officer.
2. Access is not granted until receipt, review, and approval by the Cloudticity Security Officer;
3. The request for access is retained for future reference.
4. All access to Cloudticity systems and services are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis to assure proper authorizations are in place commensurate with job functions. The process for conducting reviews is outlined below:
   1. The Security Officer initiates the review of user access by creating a task in the Teamwork project: Compliance Review Activity (CRA).
   2. The Security Officer, or a Privacy Officer, is assigned to review levels of access for each Cloudticity workforce member.
   3. If user access is found during review that is not in line with the least privilege principle, the process below is used to modify user access and notify the user of access changes. Once those steps are completed, the access is then reviewed again.
   4. Once the review is complete, the Security Officer approves or rejects the task. If the task is rejected, it goes back for further review and documentation.
   5. If the task is approved, the Security Officer then marks the task as Complete, adding any pertinent notes required.
   6. Review of user access is monitored on a quarterly basis using Teamwork reporting to assess compliance with above policy.
5. Any Cloudticity workforce member can request change of access using the process outlined in [§7.2](07-systems_access_policy.md#72-access-establishment-and-modification).
6. Access to production systems is controlled using centralized user management and authentication.
7. Temporary accounts are not used unless absolutely necessary for business purposes.
   * Accounts are reviewed every 90 days to assure temporary accounts are not left unnecessarily.
   * Accounts that are inactive for over 90 days are removed.
8. In the case of non-personal information, such as generic educational content, identification and authentication may not be required. This is the responsibility of Cloudticity customers to define, and not Cloudticity.
9. If operating systems are accessed directly, privileged users must first access systems using standard, unique user accounts before switching to privileged users and performing privileged tasks. For other production systems, user accounts are permission based and align directly with responsibilities.
   * For Linux production systems, this is enforced by non-privileged user accounts that must invoke `sudo` to perform privileged tasks.
   * For Windows production systems, this is enforced by default. Users must "Run as Administrator" to access a privileged powershell.
   * Rights for privileged accounts are granted by the Security Officer using the process outlined in [§7.2](07-systems_access_policy.md#72-access-establishment-and-modification).
10. All application to application communication using service accounts is restricted and not permitted unless absolutely needed. Automated tools are used to limit account access across applications and systems.
11. Generic accounts are not allowed on Cloudticity systems.
12. Access is granted through encrypted, VPN tunnels that utilize two-factor authentication.
    * Two-factor authentication is accomplished using a Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) as the second factor.
    * VPN connections use 256-bit AES 256 encryption, or equivalent.
    * VPN sessions are automatically disconnected after 30 minutes of inactivity.
13. In cases of increased risk or known attempted unauthorized access, immediate steps are taken by the Security and Privacy Officer to limit access and reduce risk of unauthorized access.
14. Direct system to system, system to application, and application to application authentication and authorization are limited and controlled to restrict access.

## 7.3 Workforce Clearance

1. The level of security assigned to a user of Cloudticity's information systems is based on the minimum necessary amount of data access required to carry out legitimate job responsibilities assigned to a user's job classification and/or to a user needing access to carry out treatment, payment, or healthcare operations.
2. All access requests are treated on a "least-access principle."
3. Cloudticity maintains a minimum necessary approach for access to customer data. As such, Cloudticity, including all workforce members, does not readily have access to any ePHI.

## 7.4 Access Authorization

1. Role based access categories for each Cloudticity system and application are pre-approved by the Security Officer.
2. Cloudticity utilizes hardware and software firewalls to segment data, prevent unauthorized access, and monitor traffic for denial of service attacks.

## 7.5 Person or Entity Authentication

1. Each workforce member has and uses a unique user ID and password that identifies him/her as the user of the information system.
2. Each customer and Partner has and uses a unique user ID and password that identifies him/her as the user of the information system.
3. All customer support desk interactions must be verified before Cloudticity support personnel will satisfy any request having information security implications.
   * Cloudticity's current support desk software, Zendesk, requires users to authenticate before submitting support tickets.
   * Support issues submitted by email must be verified by Cloudticity personnel using an authenticated channel or a phone number that has been registered with the corresponding account.

## 7.6 Unique User Identification

1. Access to the Cloudticity Oxygen managed services platform systems and applications is controlled by requiring a unique user ID and password for each individual user and developer.
2. Passwords requirements mandate strong password controls (see below).
3. Passwords are not displayed at any time and are not transmitted or stored in plain text.
4. Default accounts on all production systems, including root, are disabled.
5. Shared accounts are not allowed within Cloudticity systems or networks.
6. Automated log-on configurations that store user passwords or bypass password entry are not permitted for use with Cloudticity workstations or production systems.

## 7.7 Automatic Logoff

1. Users are required to make information systems inaccessible by any other individual when unattended by the users (ex. by using a password protected screen saver or logging off the system).
2. Information systems automatically log users off the systems after 15 minutes of inactivity.
3. The Security Officer pre-approves exceptions to automatic log off requirements.

## 7.8 Employee Workstation Use

All employee workstations are company owned laptops running Mac OSX, Windows, or Linux.

1. Workstations may not be used to engage in any activity that is illegal or is in violation of organization's policies.
2. Access may not be used for transmitting, retrieving, or storage of any communications of a discriminatory or harassing nature or materials that are obscene or "X-rated". Harassment of any kind is prohibited. No messages with derogatory or inflammatory remarks about an individual's race, age, disability, religion, national origin, physical attributes, sexual preference, or health condition shall be transmitted or maintained. No abusive, hostile, or offensive language is to be transmitted through organization's system.
3. Information systems/applications also may not be used for any other purpose that is illegal, unethical, or against company policies or contrary to organization's best interests. Messages containing information related to a lawsuit or investigation may not be sent without prior approval.
4. Users may not misrepresent, obscure, suppress, or replace another user's identity in transmitted or stored messages.
5. Workstation hard drives will be encrypted using FileVault 2.0 or equivalent.
6. All workstations have firewalls enabled to prevent unauthorized access unless explicitly granted.
7. All workstations must have Trend Micro Worry-Free Business Security installed and running at all times.

## 7.9 Wireless Access Use

1. Cloudticity production systems are not accessible directly over wireless channels.
2. Wireless access is disabled on all production systems.
3. When accessing production systems via remote wireless connections, the same system access policies and procedures apply to wireless as all other connections, including wired.
4. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees are configured with strong encryption (AES WPA2 at a minimum).
5. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees have their vendor defaults changed prior to implementation.
6. Cloudticity does not maintain wireless access points, however, wireless access points maintained by Cloudticity employees are in secure locations.

## 7.10 Employee Termination Procedures

1. The Human Resources Department (or other designated department), users, and their supervisors are required to notify the Security Officer upon completion and/or termination of access needs and facilitating completion of the "Offboard - Employee - Cloudticity" Teamwork tasklist.
2. The Human Resources Department, users, and supervisors are required to notify the Security Officer to terminate a user's access rights if there is evidence or reason to believe the following (these incidents are also reported on an incident report and is filed with the Privacy Officer):
   * The user has been using their access rights inappropriately;
   * A user's password has been compromised (a new password may be provided to the user if the user is not identified as the individual compromising the original password);
   * An unauthorized individual is utilizing a user's User Login ID and password (a new password may be provided to the user if the user is not identified as providing the unauthorized individual with the User Login ID and password).
3. The Security Officer will terminate users' access rights immediately upon notification, and will coordinate with the appropriate Cloudticity employees to terminate access to any non-production systems managed by those employees.
4. The Security Officer audits and may terminate access of users that have not logged into organization's information systems/applications for an extended period of time.

## 7.11 Paper Records

Cloudticity does not use paper records for any sensitive information. Use of paper for recording and storing sensitive data is against Cloudticity policies.

The only acceptable exception to this policy is the use of paper to store recovery keys for FileVault, BitLocker, or the equivalent. In this case, the paper must be secured in an external, locked facility such as a bank safe deposit box.

## 7.12 Password Management

1. User IDs and passwords are used to control access to Cloudticity systems and may not be disclosed to anyone for any reason.
2. Users may not allow anyone, for any reason, to have access to any information system using another user's unique user ID and password.
3. On all production systems and applications in the Cloudticity environment, password configurations are set to require:
   * a minimum length of 8 characters;
   * a mix of upper case characters, lower case characters, and numbers or special characters;
   * a 60-day password expiration;
   * prevention of password reuse using a history of the last 6 password;
   * account lockout after 5 invalid attempts.
4. All system and application passwords must be stored and transmitted securely.
   * Where possible, passwords should be stored in a hashed format using a salted cryptographic hash function (SHA-256 or equivalent).
   * Passwords that must be stored in non-hashed format must be encrypted at rest pursuant to the requirements in [§17.8](17-data_integrity_policy.md#178-production-data-security).
   * Transmitted passwords must be encrypted in flight pursuant to the requirements in [§17.9](17-data_integrity_policy.md#179-transmission-security).
5. Each information system automatically requires users to change passwords at a pre-determined interval as determined by the organization, based on the criticality and sensitivity of the information contained within the network, system, application, and/or database.
6. Passwords are inactivated immediately upon an employee's termination in accordance with [§7.10](07-systems_access_policy.md#710-employee-termination-procedures).
7. All default system, application, and partner passwords are changed before deployment to production.
8. Upon initial login, users must change any passwords that were automatically generated for them.
9. Password change methods must use a confirmation method to correct for user input errors.
10. All passwords used in configuration scripts are secured and encrypted.
11. If a user believes their user ID has been compromised, they are required to immediately report the incident to the Security Officer.
12. In cases where a user has forgotten their password, the following procedure is used to reset the password.
    * The user submits a password reset request to support@cloudticity.com. The request should include the system to which the user has lost access and needs the password reset.
    * An administrator with password reset privileges is notified and connects directly with the user requesting the password reset.
    * The administrator verifies the identity of the user either in-person or through a separate communication channel such as phone or Slack.
    * Once verified, the administrator resets the password.

The support email is integrated directly with Zendesk, Cloudticity's ticket management system, and used to track and store password reset requests.

## 7.13 Access to ePHI

1. Cloudticity does not readily have access to ePHI in customers systems.
2. Cloudticity does not process, store, or transmit ePHI on behalf of clients.
3. Cloudticity workforce members do not access, or have readily available access, to ePHI.

## 7.14 PaaS customer Access to Systems

Cloudticity grants PaaS customers secure system access via VPN connections or MFA-enabled accounts. This access is only to customer-specific systems, no other systems in the environment. These connections are setup at customer deployment. These connections are secured and encrypted and the only method for customers to connect to Cloudticity hosted systems.

In the case of data migration, Cloudticity does, on a case by case basis, support customers in importing data. In these cases Cloudticity requires that all data is secured and encrypted in transit, such as by using SFTP or SCP for transferring files.

In the case of an investigation, Cloudticity will assist customers, at Cloudticity's discretion, and law enforcement in forensics.
