source/sections/10-facility_access_policy.md, before:

# 10. Facility Access Policy

Cloudticity was born in the cloud, and has never been saddled with physical infrastructure. From the beginning we decided to focus on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Of note, Cloudticity does not have ready access to ePHI; it provides cloud-based, compliant infrastructure to covered entities and business associates. Cloudticity does not physically house any systems used by its platform in Cloudticity facilities. Physical security of our platform servers is outlined in [§1.4](01-introduction.md#14-cloudticity-organizational-concepts).

## 10.1 Applicable Standards

### 10.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 08.b - Physical Entry Controls
* 08.d - Protecting Against External and Environmental Threats
* 08.j - Equipment Maintenance
* 08.l - Secure Disposal or Re-Use of Equipment
* 09.p - Disposal of Media

### 10.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.310(a)(2)(ii) Facility Security Plan
* 164.310(a)(2)(iii) Access Control & Validation Procedures
* 164.310(b-c) Workstation Use & Security

## 10.2 Cloudticity-controlled Facility Access Policies

1. With no physical offices, visitors and third party support access is unnecessary.
2. With no physical offices, repairs and their documentation are unnecessary.
3. Within our homes, fire extinguishers and detectors are installed according to applicable laws and regulations.
4. With no physical offices, maintenance and its documentation is unnecessary.
5. Cloudticity electronic and physical media does not contain covered information. If covered information is received on electronic and physical media, it will be securely destroyed (or the information securely removed) prior to disposal.
6. The organization will securely dispose of media with sensitive information.
7. With no physical offices, smart locks are unnecessary.
8. Enforcement of Facility Access Policies
   * Report violations of this policy to the restricted area's department team leader, supervisor, manager, or director, or the Privacy Officer.
   * Workforce members in violation of this policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
9. Workstation Security
   * Workstations may only be accessed and utilized by authorized workforce members to complete assigned job/contract responsibilities.
   * All workforce members are required to monitor workstations and report unauthorized users and/or unauthorized attempts to access systems/applications as per the [Systems Access Policy](07-systems_access_policy.md).
   * All workstations purchased by Cloudticity are the property of Cloudticity and are distributed to users by the company.

Commit message:

Modify policy for CAPs 183879, 183881, and 183883
CAP 183879 - Visitor and third-party support access is recorded and supervised unless previously approved.
CAP 183881 - Repairs or modifications to the physical components of a facility which are related to security (e.g., hardware, walls, doors and locks) are documented and retained in accordance with the organization's retention policy.
CAP 183883 - Maintenance and service is controlled and conducted by authorized personnel in accordance with supplier-recommended intervals, insurance policies and the organizations maintenance program, taking into account whether this maintenance is performed by personnel on site or external to the organization.

source/sections/10-facility_access_policy.md, after:

# 10. Facility Access Policy

Cloudticity was born in the cloud, and has never been saddled with physical infrastructure. From the beginning we decided to focus on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Of note, Cloudticity does not have ready access to ePHI; it provides cloud-based, compliant infrastructure to covered entities and business associates. Cloudticity does not physically house any systems used by its platform in Cloudticity facilities. Physical security of our platform servers is outlined in [§1.4](01-introduction.md#14-cloudticity-organizational-concepts).

## 10.1 Applicable Standards

### 10.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 08.b - Physical Entry Controls
* 08.d - Protecting Against External and Environmental Threats
* 08.j - Equipment Maintenance
* 08.l - Secure Disposal or Re-Use of Equipment
* 09.p - Disposal of Media

### 10.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.310(a)(2)(ii) Facility Security Plan
* 164.310(a)(2)(iii) Access Control & Validation Procedures
* 164.310(b-c) Workstation Use & Security

## 10.2 Cloudticity-controlled Facility Access Policies

1. With no physical offices, visitors and third party support access is unnecessary. If a physical location is obtained, visitor and third-party support access will be recorded and supervised unless previously approved.
2. With no physical offices, repairs and their documentation are unnecessary. If a physical location is obtained, repairs or modifications to the physical components of the facility which are related to security (e.g., hardware, walls, doors and locks) will be  documented and retained in accordance with the retention policy.
3. Within our homes, fire extinguishers and detectors are installed according to applicable laws and regulations.
4. With no physical offices, maintenance and its documentation is unnecessary. If a physical location is obtained, maintenance and service will be controlled and conducted by authorized personnel in accordance with supplier-recommended intervals, insurance policies, and the organizations future maintenance program, taking into account whether this maintenance is performed by personnel on site or external to the organization.
5. Cloudticity electronic and physical media does not contain covered information. If covered information is received on electronic and physical media, it will be securely destroyed (or the information securely removed) prior to disposal.
6. The organization will securely dispose of media with sensitive information.
7. With no physical offices, smart locks are unnecessary.
8. Enforcement of Facility Access Policies
   * Report violations of this policy to the restricted area's department team leader, supervisor, manager, or director, or the Privacy Officer.
   * Workforce members in violation of this policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
9. Workstation Security
   * Workstations may only be accessed and utilized by authorized workforce members to complete assigned job/contract responsibilities.
   * All workforce members are required to monitor workstations and report unauthorized users and/or unauthorized attempts to access systems/applications as per the [Systems Access Policy](07-systems_access_policy.md).
   * All workstations purchased by Cloudticity are the property of Cloudticity and are distributed to users by the company.
